being prepared means being Diversified
our portfolios in general are not
Diversified true diversification gives
us that sense of stability and security
and today I will talk about one primary
component that should be part of
everyone's portfolio you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
today I'm going to get into something
that people ask me nearly every single
day through comments through emails and
that is what do we do about precious
metals are we at the top of that bull
market and head downwards or is this the
ultimate bottom will there be nothing
but higher prices from here on out so
let's get into it today number one where
are we in the bull market well nobody
ever knows that until we look at it back
in the pages of history but when we talk
about the price the price is something
that I suggest people ignore now that
would seem a little bit silly as an
investment but the way I look at gold
and silver is you are taking something
which has intrinsic value and you are
trying to maintain that generation to
generation if you are purchasing gold
today and you expect that the price will
hit let's say 2,000 by the end of the
year and then you want to sell it that
is more of a speculative
purchase and that's something that I
really don't get into I look at it as
passing wealth down from generation to
generation a lot of people in the west
don't agree with that but that is what
many Eastern cultures do they give gold
coins at weddings and other times when
that's how they would basically give
gifts they give gold high carrot jewelry
in fact we're just looking at basically
taking wealth and passing it along and
that keeps wealth within those different
families that's what they do but if you
do this as an individual you could then
be able to preserve that that's the
essentially the goal now what about the
price what is gold at right now whether
it's at 1,200 or whether it's at 1,000
or 2,000 ultimately what we're talking
about is paper we are not talking about
the actual commodity this commodity
doesn't have the ability to actually be
priced accurately in the way that they
do it because as we have found out these
Commodities have been manipulated we
know that it's a fact it's confirmed
that is you know an absolute fact can
they continue it forever I don't know
how long it can go on for But ultimately
it seems like they can pursue this for
quite some time many suggest that at
some point it will break free I don't
know to me that doesn't even matter I
don't even factor that in all I do is
have a little bit of gold and silver
different denominations different sizes
different types and then I hold it there
and not worry about it I don't worry
about the price I don't worry about it
going up or down now if you have
everything riding on it all your eggs in
one basket as they say then you run into
a much more of a difficult situation I
don't recommend that that's what
diversification is all about so let me
just uh talk about this for a second
here I believe that we need to be fully
Diversified when you go to a generally
um financial advisor they tell you you
want a diversified portfolio and they
take you and they put you in mutual
funds they put you in the bonds they put
you in the stocks they put you in US
equities Canadian equities and then they
say you are Diversified you've got
everything in here and that is just a
fraud and that's what I see all the time
it's it's really sad that people think
I've got a diversified portfolio and
they talk about it like they're you know
they're you know they got their chin up
high and they walk around and they feel
that they're and everything
unfortunately this isn't the case and
ultimately people will learn the hard
way and they continuously do learn the
hard way however what we need is a bit
of everything and I think that's a great
strategy to have but now let's just
quickly you want to have some precious
metals you want to have perhaps a very
small amount of cryptocurrencies and I'm
talking very small and that would allow
just a means of transaction should there
be some sort of scenario where the
monetary Supply is disrupted and you and
I can exchange between each other forget
about the financial establishments
forget about businesses and everything
else that's for you and I that's the
goal anyway I think maybe uh 5% or or
even less of that would be something
reasonable that's just what I think
about I I don't like to talk about
percentages necessarily but think about
it as a very very small piece then we
look at stocks do you want to invest in
stocks that's up to you if you're going
to do so then I highly recommend those
which give dividends because at least
it's paying out on a dividend every
single month or quarter annually or
whatever it happens to be you can get a
paycheck and that's great but if you're
just waiting on appreciation you're
speculating and that isn't part of the
money GPS strategy it is all about
paying off your expenses okay so that's
stocks then we get into you know
corporate bonds I think corporations
will Outlast governments and uh that
would be better better than a Government
Bond I'm just not really
into that paper assets at this time I
just think it's very risky uh but you
know if you feel like you should then by
all means and another thing would be
real estate now a lot of people talk
about real estate is being too expensive
it depends on where you live there's no
doubt however think small I'll talk
about that just just very briefly think
small don't think you need to buy a
house don't think you need to buy a
bungalow and split it and everything
else I talk about this a lot in my book
about diversification how you can use a
much smaller amount of money to actually
get into the real estate market and I'm
not talking speculation and there's more
in there if you're interested I just say
think small that's all and then we look
at businesses businesses you can start
with nothing you can start a business
today with absolutely nothing and there
are many many of those businesses again
in my first book actually um so if
you're interested in the think small
that's in my second book the businesses
are in my first book that I talk about
but essentially what you need to do is
use your passion use your desires and
build from it at the beginning you will
make nothing you will have to basically
be scringy but I assure you you can do
so okay so these are some of the things
you want to be able to get into all
different Avenues but more importantly
than all of this think about this if you
took 50 $1,000 and you put it into your
401k or RSP or super depending on where
you live you would be essentially
waiting until you are 65 to start
pulling that money out now you are
donating that money to the bank and in
order that you know 30 years or 40 years
or whatever it is down the road you'll
be able to pull that money out well what
about instead you went and this is part
of my my newest book where you put solar
panels up on your roof $50,000 worth of
solar panels you would be able to never
have to pay a another electricity bill
ever again now isn't that more secure
than any investment I don't need to
worry about the price of gold I don't
need to worry about what my stocks are
doing how they're appreciating all I
need to know is that my electricity is
being paid for the electricity gets
stored into a battery and there it is
it's all good I don't have to worry but
many people they're always you know
looking over their shoulder they're
always concerned what's my stock what
are my stocks doing what are my
investments doing is Bitcoin up today or
down you know that that's you know you a
lot of people make a lot of money from
that and that's great however think
about something like solar panels where
you can put them up on your roof you
could store the energy into a battery
and never have to pay those bills again
that is what I call the money GPS
strategy I get into more about it in the
book but anyway think about those type
of things where they would reduce your
expenses and then you would never have
to pay these bills and that's what we're
doing we work we want to invest so that
we can make money so that we could pay
off our bills but why not have less
bills in the first place doesn't that
sound like a good idea well that's my
whole strategy I hope you found this
video informative I know I've sort of
skirted around the answer but what I
think about precious metals all I will
say is that don't worry about the price
we don't know what what the billionaires
the elites the technocrats what they're
going to do I certainly don't know but I
know that having a small amount in the
portfolio something beneficial it's wise
so if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up and check out
my website the money gps.com where I
have tons of free stuff I got the free
ecourse on there I have the free ebooks
on there and I would highly recommend
that you check it out the money gps.com
take care